Mercury: Mercury is a very small planet, but maybe still suitable for life. It has extremely high temperatures and is now home to the small but fierce fire lizards. These intelligent lifeforms have crossed the galaxy to claim their share of the bountiful solar system humans originated in. They maintain a small population and feed off of the inferno moss that grows on Mercury.
Venus: Venus is a bigger planet than Mercury, but very cloudy and humid. The fire lizards are currently at war with their old allies, the mutant fire ants. These incredible creatures mutated from the nuclear extinction the happened 2000 years ago on Venus in an ancient war of humans against the original mysterious Space Invaders. These fire ants have grown to be 8 feet tall and weigh around 700 pounds. They are just as ruthless as they are big.
Earth: Earth is the past home to humanity now inhabited by the left over fleets of Space Invaders and the remaining humans on Earth. The human forces (AKA Slimez) are lead by their fearless leader, Rich the Man, previously known as Rich the Kid. They are in a constant battle with the original Space Invaders even though most humans left to an unknown galaxy, these humans refuse to give up their home planet.
Mars: Mars is a planet that has been repurposed as a Space Invader superbase. The core has been restructured to fuel all Space Invader activity in the solar system. It looks barren and empty, but its core is a Space Invader fueling center and factory.
Jupiter: Jupiter hosts the most strange and exotic species known as the Kardashians. This intelligent silicone based lifeform has evolved in an unknown galaxy through processes unknown to man. This species is considered to be very durable and resistant but has less strength and power than most other aliens. These creatures use the gaseous storms and seas on Jupiter to lure enemies and strip them of anything of value.
Saturn: Satrun is another gaseous planet inhabited by a likewise strange species. A strange creature known to humans as the Dolfinbats was one of the few other animals to remain after the destructive nuclear extinction. They use echolocation to swim and fly through the atmosphere of Saturn. These cruel animals were once intelligent and peaceful, but have become barbaric savages as a result of the intense radiation that turned their hearts to stone.
Uranus: Uranus is a strange planet. This planet hosts the ancient icee-bears that have been expelled from their ancient home galaxy once ruled by the Icee Corporation. These bears were made in an experiment to give life to the Icee Corporation mascot. After the fall of the Icee Corporation, these bears were sent to a planet in a newly formed solar system that could sustain them. After many millenia of inhabiting this planet, they now find themselves in the middle of the great scramble for this solar system. They are one of the biggest challenges the Space Invaders once the humans left.
Neptune: Neptune is the main Space Invader military operations base. This planet holds the majority of the Space Invader army. Here is were they train new troops, invent new weapons, and organize military operations. Due to their very active and aggressive military presence, very few people can make it past Neptune to Pluto or leave the solar system.
Pluto: Pluto is a mysterious planet. Space Invaders originally landed on this planet once they arrived in the solar system, but have since moved the majority of their operations to Neptune and Mars. Here lies only the remains of the first Space Invader bases and the new bases built after the extinction.